yeah that means he's good and bad but he
can't keep no job you know he just you
know I like a man that's not too soft
cuz I'm kind of rough a little bit you
know I'm saying and I've been working
with men on my career so I'm there
because men are rough I'm rough so I
like a man is you know you know kind of
bing ramos you know kind of got them
slave hands but well you can strike a
kitchen match in it you know I don't
want no man I want a man they're gone to
jail but I don't want one that's gone to
prison you know I don't want to kill
somebody I want somebody who somebody is
named Darryl but anyway
he was so broke he owned his reflection
money I don't need that I need it like a
real strong man like that gown
WWE the big huge black man
dingo more you're good
he was so sexy what'd you do look like I
like a man I want one of them the
wrestlers that's what I want you know
why cuz they can pick me up and carry my
big-ass ball
thank you put my hands there to call for
you you know our rich boy
what
I'll bring it back
we'll be right back with more commas
closed captioning brought you by
how long you been married seven years
coming up on our seventh wedding
anniversary impressive yeah I actually
really like being married I found a
great woman and here's the coolest thing
about marriage what I love about my wife
I get to keep that forever that's mine
to keep forever that's like having your
favorite soft drink to drink for the
rest of your life unlimited supply yeah
but it's it's it's marriage its monogamy
so it's only your favorite soft drink do
you like mr. Pibb you get to drink all
the mr. Pibb you want but you wake up
ten years from now and go you know I'd
like something hot to drink
well you better heat up some mr. Pibb
well I'm doing a lot of dating for fun
now cuz I know I'm not gonna get married
again so it's fun it's fun like you know
you're talking about your your marriage
and long marriages they said that
couples married 40 years or longer if
the husband they develop a spiritual
connection and if the wife dies first
the husband will die within two weeks
because he can't stand life without it
if the husband dies first within one
week the wife goes on a cruise
about a month ago I went out the most
beautiful woman I've ever been with
about five foot ten Swedish model and
just gorgeous I couldn't get first base
on the third day she says this is your
lucky night
Larry tonight we're gonna get it on
we're going all the way she said but all
night but only if you make that noise
that your people make so what noise what
noise she says I go you are a racist
lowlife wench I'm gonna do it this one
time
oh great coming up Jeff I go to my
website Jeff Cesario calm you can catch
it on my website is Carlos hell is rocky
dot-com see if it I'll calm or you can
email me top-notch mama at AOL alright
I'm gonna be I'm gonna be roughing up my
hands so I might have a shot with Thea
sighs you know what otherwise you can
catch me at Larry Omaha comm and see
what's happening you can always catch up
with them at comments uh Denise calm I
want to thank you for hanging out with
us come back until next time keep
laughing
you